docs: restructure the book (#2995)
PrQL/prql: web/book/src/reference/syntax/literals.md

# Literals

A literal is a constant value expression, with special syntax rules for each
data type.

## Numbers

> Number literals can contain number characters as well as dot, underscore and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Number literals can contain number characters as well as a period, underscores and
```
